[strings] Add app tips (#5974)
organicmaps/organicmaps: data/strings/strings.txt

    comment = A number of bookmarks and a number of tracks, separated by comma, like: 1 bookmark, 5 tracks
    tags = android
    en = %@, %@

  [app_tip_00]
    comment = App tip #00
    tags = android
    en = Thank you for using our community-built maps!
    es = ¡Gracias por usar nuestros mapas creados por la comunidad!

  [app_tip_01]
    comment = App tip #01
    tags = android
    en = With your donations and support, we can create the best maps app in the World!
    es = ¡Con tus donaciones y apoyo, podemos crear la mejor aplicación de mapas del mundo!

  [app_tip_02]
    comment = App tip #02
    tags = android
    en = Do you like our app? Please donate to support the development! Don't like it yet? Please let us know, and we will fix it!
    es = ¿Te gusta nuestra aplicación? ¡Por favor dona para apoyar su desarrollo! ¿Todavía no te gusta? ¡Dínoslo y lo arreglaremos!

  [app_tip_03]
    comment = App tip #03
    tags = android

>     en = If you know a good software developer, you can ask him to implement a feature that you need.

Reviewer: it's better to make pronouns ungendered, please change to 'you can ask them to implement'

Reviewer: Actually, it'd probably also make sense to remove 'good' from 'a good software developer' to encourage beginners to contribute too :)

Author: Thanks @RedAuburn for your comments. I've already modified the strings.

Reviewer 2: @RedAuburn OM codebase is not easy to work on. We're welcoming beginners, but unfortunately, the code quality is not good enough for the production and often has many bugs, and reviewing/fixing introduced bugs takes too much of our time that can be used with better efficiency for the project development.

    vi = Cảm ơn bạn đã sử dụng bản đồ do cộng đồng xây dựng của chúng tôi!
    zh-Hans = 感谢您使用我们的社区地图！
    zh-Hant = 感謝您使用我們社區構建的地圖！

  [app_tip_01]
    comment = App tip #01
    tags = android

>     en = With your donations and support, we can create the best maps app in the World!

Reviewer 2: Let's simplify it a bit and remove app, translations should be better after that.
```suggestion
    en = With your donations and support, we can create the best maps in the World!
```

Author: Modified all translations of this tip, removing "app"...

    ar = بفضل تبرعاتكم ودعمكم، يمكننا إنشاء أفضل تطبيق خرائط في العالم!

>     be = Дзякуючы вашым ахвяраванням і падтрымцы мы можам стварыць лепшае прыкладанне для карт у свеце!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be = Дзякуючы вашым ахвяраванням і падтрымцы мы можам стварыць лепшыя мапы у свеце!
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    fr = Avec vos dons et votre soutien, nous pouvons créer la meilleure application de cartes au monde !
    he = עם התרומות והתמיכה שלך, נוכל ליצור את אפליקציית המפות הטובה בעולם!
    hi = आपके दान और समर्थन से, हम दुनिया में सबसे अच्छा मानचित्र ऐप बना सकते हैं!
    hu = Adományaival és támogatásával létrehozhatjuk a világ legjobb térképes alkalmazását!
    id = Dengan donasi dan dukungan Anda, kami dapat membuat aplikasi peta terbaik di Dunia!
    it = Con le tue donazioni e il tuo supporto, possiamo creare la migliore app per mappe al mondo!
    ja = あなたの寄付とサポートがあれば、私たちは世界最高の地図アプリを作成することができます。
    ko = 여러분의 기부와 지원으로 우리는 세계 최고의 지도 앱을 만들 수 있습니다!
    mr = तुमच्या देणग्या आणि समर्थनासह, आम्ही जगातील सर्वोत्तम नकाशे अॅप तयार करू शकतो!
    nb = Med dine donasjoner og støtte kan vi lage den beste kartappen i verden!
    nl = Met uw donaties en steun kunnen we de beste kaarten-app ter wereld maken!
    pl = Dzięki Twoim darowiznom i wsparciu możemy stworzyć najlepszą aplikację z mapami na świecie!
    pt = Com suas doações e apoio, podemos criar o melhor aplicativo de mapas do mundo!
    ro = Cu donațiile și sprijinul dumneavoastră, putem crea cea mai bună aplicație de hărți din lume!

>     ru = Благодаря вашим пожертвованиям и поддержке мы сможем создать лучшее приложение для карт в мире!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ru = Благодаря вашим пожертвованиям и поддержке мы сможем создать лучшие карты на свете!
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    sk = S vašimi darmi a podporou môžeme vytvoriť najlepšiu aplikáciu máp na svete!
    sv = Med dina donationer och stöd kan vi skapa den bästa kartappen i världen!
    sw = Kwa michango na usaidizi wako, tunaweza kuunda programu bora zaidi ya ramani Duniani!
    th = ด้วยการบริจาคและการสนับสนุนของคุณ เราสามารถสร้างแอปแผนที่ที่ดีที่สุดในโลกได้!
    tr = Bağışlarınız ve desteğinizle dünyanın en iyi harita uygulamasını yaratabiliriz!

>     uk = Завдяки вашим пожертвам і підтримці ми можемо створити найкращий у світі додаток для карт!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    uk = Завдяки вашим пожертвам і підтримці ми зможемо створити найкращі карти на світі!
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    vi = Với sự đóng góp và hỗ trợ của bạn, chúng tôi có thể tạo ra ứng dụng bản đồ tốt nhất trên Thế giới!
    zh-Hans = 通过您的捐赠和支持，我们可以创建世界上最好的地图应用程序！
    zh-Hant = 通過您的捐贈和支持，我們可以創建世界上最好的地圖應用程序！

  [app_tip_02]
    comment = App tip #02
    tags = android
    en = Do you like our app? Please donate to support the development! Don't like it yet? Please let us know, and we will fix it!
    ar = هل تحب التطبيق لدينا؟ يرجى التبرع لدعم التنمية! لا أحب ذلك حتى الآن؟ واسمحوا لنا أن نعرف، وسوف نقوم بإصلاحه!

>     be = Вам падабаецца наша дадатак? Калі ласка, ахвяруйце, каб падтрымаць развіццё! Яшчэ не падабаецца? Калі ласка, дайце нам ведаць, і мы гэта выправім!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be = Вам падабаецца наша прылада? Калі ласка, ахвяруйце, каб падтрымаць развіццё! Яшчэ не падабаецца? Калі ласка, дайце нам ведаць, чаму, і мы гэта выправім!
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    pt = Você gosta do nosso aplicativo? Por favor, doe para apoiar o desenvolvimento! Ainda não gostou? Informe-nos e nós consertaremos isso!
    ro = Îți place aplicația noastră? Vă rugăm să donați pentru a sprijini dezvoltarea! Nu-ți place încă? Vă rugăm să ne anunțați și vom remedia!
    ru = Вам нравится наше приложение? Пожалуйста, сделайте пожертвование для поддержки развития! Вам еще не нравится? Пожалуйста, сообщите нам, и мы это исправим!
    sk = Páči sa vám naša aplikácia? Prosím, prispejte na podporu rozvoja! Ešte sa ti to nepáči? Dajte nám vedieť a my to napravíme!
    sv = Gillar du vår app? Vänligen donera för att stödja utvecklingen! Gillar du det inte ännu? Meddela oss, så fixar vi det!
    sw = Je, unapenda programu yetu? Tafadhali toa mchango ili kusaidia maendeleo! Je, huipendi bado? Tafadhali tujulishe, na tutarekebisha!
    th = คุณชอบแอพของเราหรือไม่? กรุณาบริจาคเพื่อสนับสนุนการพัฒนา! ยังไม่ชอบมันเหรอ? โปรดแจ้งให้เราทราบ และเราจะแก้ไขมัน!
    tr = Uygulamamızı beğendiniz mi? Gelişimi desteklemek için lütfen bağış yapın! Henüz beğenmedin mi? Lütfen bize bildirin, düzelteceğiz!

>     uk = Вам подобається наш додаток? Будь ласка, пожертвуйте, щоб підтримати розвиток! Вам ще не подобається? Будь ласка, дайте нам знати, і ми це виправимо!

Reviewer 2: Вам подобається наш додаток? Будь ласка, пожертвуйте, щоб підтримати розвиток! Ще не подобається? Будь ласка, повідомте нам чому, і ми це виправимо!

Author: Modified translation !!

    vi = Bạn có thích ứng dụng của chúng tôi không? Hãy quyên góp để hỗ trợ sự phát triển! Bạn chưa thích nó? Vui lòng cho chúng tôi biết và chúng tôi sẽ khắc phục nó!
    zh-Hans = 您喜欢我们的应用程序吗？ 请捐款支持发展！ 还不喜欢吗？ 请告诉我们，我们会修复它！
    zh-Hant = 您喜歡我們的應用程序嗎？ 請捐款支持發展！ 還不喜歡嗎？ 請告訴我們，我們會修復它！

  [app_tip_03]
    comment = App tip #03
    tags = android

>     en = If you know any software developer, you can ask them to implement a feature that you need.

Reviewer 2: "any" provides strange translations here.
```suggestion
    en = If you know a software developer, you can ask him or her to implement a feature that you need.
```

Author: Translations updated, removing "any" and "them" to "him or her"...

    ar = إذا كنت تعرف أي مطور برامج، يمكنك أن تطلب منه تنفيذ الميزة التي تحتاجها.

>     be = Калі вы ведаеце любога распрацоўшчыка праграмнага забеспячэння, вы можаце папрасіць яго рэалізаваць неабходную вам функцыю.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be = Калі вы ведаеце распрацоўшчыка праграмнага забеспячэння, вы можаце папрасіць яго рэалізаваць неабходную вам функцыю.
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    nl = Als u een softwareontwikkelaar kent, kunt u hem vragen een functie te implementeren die u nodig heeft.
    pl = Jeśli znasz dowolnego programistę, możesz poprosić go o wdrożenie potrzebnej funkcji.
    pt = Se você conhece algum desenvolvedor de software, pode pedir que ele implemente um recurso de que você precisa.
    ro = Dacă cunoașteți vreun dezvoltator de software, îi puteți cere să implementeze o funcție de care aveți nevoie.
    ru = Если вы знаете какого-либо разработчика программного обеспечения, вы можете попросить его реализовать нужную вам функцию.
    sk = Ak poznáte nejakého vývojára softvéru, môžete ho požiadať, aby implementoval funkciu, ktorú potrebujete.
    sv = Om du känner någon mjukvaruutvecklare kan du be dem att implementera en funktion som du behöver.
    sw = Ikiwa unajua msanidi programu yeyote, unaweza kuwauliza kutekeleza kipengele unachohitaji.
    th = หากคุณรู้จักนักพัฒนาซอฟต์แวร์รายใด คุณสามารถขอให้พวกเขาใช้คุณลักษณะที่คุณต้องการได้
    tr = Tanıdığınız bir yazılım geliştirici varsa ondan ihtiyacınız olan bir özelliği uygulamasını isteyebilirsiniz.

>     uk = Якщо ви знаєте будь-якого розробника програмного забезпечення, ви можете попросити його реалізувати потрібну вам функцію.

Reviewer 2: Якщо ви знаєте розробника програмного забезпечення, ви можете попросити його реалізувати потрібну вам функцію.

Author: Modified translation !!

    vi = Nếu bạn biết bất kỳ người phát triển phần mềm nào, bạn có thể yêu cầu họ triển khai tính năng mà bạn cần.
    zh-Hans = 如果您认识任何软件开发人员，您可以要求他们实现您需要的功能。
    zh-Hant = 如果您認識任何軟件開發人員，您可以要求他們實現您需要的功能。

  [app_tip_04]
    comment = App tip #04
    tags = android

>     en = Do you know that you can long-tap any place on the map to select it?

Reviewer 2: Very funny google translations :) Hope our contributors help to fix it.

    ar = هل تعلم أنه يمكنك النقر لفترة طويلة على أي مكان على الخريطة لتحديده؟

>     be = Ці ведаеце вы, што вы можаце доўга націскаць на любое месца на карце, каб выбраць яго?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be = Любое месца на карце можна абраць, калі патрымаць там палец на працягу секунды.
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    fr = Savez-vous que vous pouvez appuyer longuement sur n'importe quel endroit de la carte pour le sélectionner ?
    he = האם אתה יודע שאתה יכול ללחוץ ארוכות על כל מקום במפה כדי לבחור אותו?
    hi = क्या आप जानते हैं कि आप मानचित्र पर किसी भी स्थान को चुनने के लिए उस पर देर तक टैप कर सकते हैं?
    hu = Tudja, hogy a térkép bármely pontjára hosszan koppintva kiválaszthatja azt?
    id = Tahukah Anda bahwa Anda dapat mengetuk lama tempat mana pun di peta untuk memilihnya?
    it = Sai che puoi toccare a lungo qualsiasi luogo sulla mappa per selezionarlo?
    ja = 地図上の任意の場所を長押しして選択できることをご存知ですか?
    ko = 지도의 아무 곳이나 길게 탭하여 선택할 수 있다는 것을 알고 계셨나요?
    mr = तुम्हाला माहीत आहे का की तुम्ही नकाशावरील कोणतेही ठिकाण निवडण्यासाठी लांब-टॅप करू शकता?
    nb = Vet du at du kan trykke lenge på et hvilket som helst sted på kartet for å velge det?
    nl = Wist u dat u op elke plaats op de kaart lang kunt tikken om deze te selecteren?
    pl = Czy wiesz, że możesz długo dotknąć dowolnego miejsca na mapie, aby je wybrać?
    pt = Você sabia que pode tocar longamente em qualquer lugar do mapa para selecioná-lo?
    ro = Știți că puteți atinge lung orice loc de pe hartă pentru a-l selecta?

>     ru = Знаете ли вы, что можно долго нажать на любое место на карте, чтобы выбрать его?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ru = Знаете ли вы, что любое место на карте можно выбрать, подержав там палец в течение секунды?
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    sk = Viete, že na ľubovoľné miesto na mape ho môžete vybrať dlhým klepnutím?
    sv = Vet du att du kan trycka länge på vilken plats som helst på kartan för att välja den?
    sw = Je, unajua kwamba unaweza kugonga kwa muda mrefu sehemu yoyote kwenye ramani ili kuichagua?
    th = คุณรู้ไหมว่าคุณสามารถแตะสถานที่ใดก็ได้บนแผนที่ค้างไว้เพื่อเลือกได้
    tr = Haritadaki herhangi bir yeri seçmek için uzun süre dokunabileceğinizi biliyor musunuz?
    uk = Чи знаєте ви, що ви можете довго торкатися будь-якого місця на карті, щоб вибрати його?
    vi = Bạn có biết rằng bạn có thể nhấn và giữ bất kỳ địa điểm nào trên bản đồ để chọn địa điểm đó không?
    zh-Hans = 您知道您可以长按地图上的任何位置来选择它吗？
    zh-Hant = 您知道您可以長按地圖上的任何位置來選擇它嗎？

  [app_tip_05]
    comment = App tip #05
    tags = android

>     en = Do you know that you can select your position on the map?

Reviewer 2: Should fix incorrect translations
```suggestion
    en = Do you know that you can select your current location on the map?
```

Author: Updated translation after replacing "position" with "current location"

    ar = هل تعلم أنه يمكنك تحديد موقعك على الخريطة؟

>     be = Ці ведаеце вы, што вы можаце выбраць сваё месца на карце?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be = Ці ведаеце вы, што вы можаце выбраць сваё бягучае месцазнаходжанне на карце?
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    he = האם אתה יודע שאתה יכול לבחור את המיקום שלך על המפה?
    hi = क्या आप जानते हैं कि आप मानचित्र पर अपना स्थान चुन सकते हैं?
    hu = Tudja, hogy kiválaszthatja pozícióját a térképen?
    id = Tahukah Anda bahwa Anda dapat memilih posisi Anda di peta?
    it = Sai che puoi selezionare la tua posizione sulla mappa?
    ja = 地図上で自分の位置を選択できることをご存知ですか?
    ko = 지도에서 자신의 위치를 선택할 수 있다는 것을 알고 계셨나요?
    mr = तुम्ही नकाशावर तुमची स्थिती निवडू शकता हे तुम्हाला माहीत आहे का?
    nb = Vet du at du kan velge din posisjon på kartet?
    nl = Weet u dat u uw positie op de kaart kunt selecteren?
    pl = Czy wiesz, że możesz wybrać swoją pozycję na mapie?
    pt = Você sabia que pode selecionar sua posição no mapa?
    ro = Știți că vă puteți selecta poziția pe hartă?
    ru = Знаете ли вы, что можете выбрать свое положение на карте?
    sk = Viete, že si môžete vybrať svoju polohu na mape?
    sv = Vet du att du kan välja din position på kartan?
    sw = Je, unajua kwamba unaweza kuchagua nafasi yako kwenye ramani?
    th = คุณรู้หรือไม่ว่าคุณสามารถเลือกตำแหน่งของคุณบนแผนที่ได้?
    tr = Haritada konumunuzu seçebileceğinizi biliyor musunuz?

>     uk = Чи знаєте ви, що можете вибрати своє положення на карті?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    uk = Чи знаєте ви, що можете вибрати своє поточне місцезнаходження на карті?
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    vi = Bạn có biết rằng bạn có thể chọn vị trí của mình trên bản đồ?
    zh-Hans = 您知道您可以在地图上选择您的位置吗？
    zh-Hant = 您知道您可以在地圖上選擇您的位置嗎？

  [app_tip_06]
    comment = App tip #06
    tags = android
    en = You can help to translate our app into your language.
    ar = يمكنك المساعدة في ترجمة تطبيقنا إلى لغتك.

>     be = Вы можаце дапамагчы перакласці наша дадатак на вашу мову.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be = Вы можаце дапамагчы перакласці нашу прыладу на вашу мову.
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    nb = Du kan hjelpe til med å oversette appen vår til ditt språk.
    nl = U kunt helpen onze app in uw taal te vertalen.
    pl = Możesz pomóc w tłumaczeniu naszej aplikacji na swój język.
    pt = Você pode ajudar a traduzir nosso aplicativo para o seu idioma.
    ro = Puteți ajuta la traducerea aplicației noastre în limba dvs.
    ru = Вы можете помочь перевести наше приложение на ваш язык.
    sk = Môžete pomôcť preložiť našu aplikáciu do vášho jazyka.
    sv = Du kan hjälpa till att översätta vår app till ditt språk.
    sw = Unaweza kusaidia kutafsiri programu yetu katika lugha yako.
    th = คุณสามารถช่วยแปลแอปของเราเป็นภาษาของคุณได้
    tr = Uygulamamızın kendi dilinize çevrilmesine yardımcı olabilirsiniz.
    uk = Ви можете допомогти перекласти наш додаток на вашу мову.
    vi = Bạn có thể giúp dịch ứng dụng của chúng tôi sang ngôn ngữ của bạn.
    zh-Hans = 您可以帮助将我们的应用程序翻译成您的语言。
    zh-Hant = 您可以幫助將我們的應用程序翻譯成您的語言。

  [app_tip_07]
    comment = App tip #07
    tags = android
    en = Our app is developed by a few enthusiasts and the community.
    ar = تم تطوير تطبيقنا من قبل عدد قليل من المتحمسين والمجتمع.

>     be = Наша дадатак распрацавана некалькімі энтузіястамі і супольнасцю.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be = Наша прылада распрацавана некалькімі энтузіястамі і супольнасцю.
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    id = Tujuan utama kami adalah membuat peta yang cepat, berfokus pada privasi, dan mudah digunakan yang akan Anda sukai.
    it = Il nostro obiettivo principale è creare mappe veloci, incentrate sulla privacy e facili da usare che adorerai.
    ja = 私たちの主な目標は、ユーザーに気に入っていただける、プライバシーを重視した使いやすいマップを高速に構築することです。
    ko = 우리의 주요 목표는 귀하가 좋아할 빠르고 개인 정보 보호에 중점을 두고 사용하기 쉬운 지도를 구축하는 것입니다.
    mr = आमचे मुख्य ध्येय जलद, गोपनीयता-केंद्रित, वापरण्यास-सुलभ नकाशे तयार करणे आहे जे तुम्हाला आवडतील.
    nb = Vårt hovedmål er å bygge raske, personvernfokuserte, brukervennlige kart som du vil elske.
    nl = Ons belangrijkste doel is om snelle, op privacy gerichte, gebruiksvriendelijke kaarten te maken waar u dol op zult zijn.
    pl = Naszym głównym celem jest tworzenie szybkich, zapewniających prywatność i łatwych w użyciu map, które pokochasz.
    pt = Nosso principal objetivo é construir mapas rápidos, focados na privacidade e fáceis de usar que você vai adorar.
    ro = Scopul nostru principal este să construim hărți rapide, axate pe confidențialitate și ușor de utilizat, care să vă placă.

>     ru = Наша главная цель — создавать быстрые, ориентированные на конфиденциальность и простые в использовании карты, которые вам понравятся.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ru = Наша главная цель — создавать быстрые, конфиденциальные и простые в использовании карты, которые вам понравятся.
```

Author: Modified translation !!

    ja = あなたの寄付とサポートがあれば、世界で最高の地図を作成できます。
    ko = 여러분의 기부와 지원으로 우리는 세계 최고의 지도를 만들 수 있습니다!
    mr = तुमच्या देणग्या आणि समर्थनासह, आम्ही जगातील सर्वोत्तम नकाशे तयार करू शकतो!
    nb = Med dine donasjoner og støtte kan vi lage de beste kartene i verden!
    nl = Met uw donaties en steun kunnen we de beste kaarten ter wereld maken!
    pl = Dzięki Twoim darowiznom i wsparciu możemy tworzyć najlepsze mapy na świecie!
    pt = Com suas doações e apoio, podemos criar o melhor mapa do mundo!
    pt-BR = Com suas doações e apoio, podemos criar o melhor mapa do mundo!
    ro = Cu donațiile și sprijinul dumneavoastră, putem crea cele mai bune hărți din lume!
    ru = Благодаря вашим пожертвованиям и поддержке мы сможем создать лучшие карты на свете!
    sk = S vašimi darmi a podporou môžeme vytvoriť tie najlepšie mapy na svete!
    sv = Med dina donationer och stöd kan vi skapa de bästa kartorna i världen!
    sw = Kwa michango na usaidizi wako, tunaweza kuunda ramani bora zaidi Duniani!
    th = ด้วยการบริจาคและการสนับสนุนของคุณ เราสามารถสร้างแผนที่ที่ดีที่สุดในโลกได้!
    tr = Bağışlarınız ve desteğinizle dünyanın en iyi haritalarını yaratabiliriz!

>     uk = Завдяки вашим пожертвам і підтримці ми зможемо створити найкращі карти на світі!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    uk = Завдяки вашим пожертвам і підтримці ми зможемо створити найкращі карти світу!
```

Author: Translation changed, thanks!!

    vi = Với sự đóng góp và hỗ trợ của bạn, chúng tôi có thể tạo ra những bản đồ tốt nhất trên Thế giới!
    zh-Hans = 有了您的捐赠和支持，我们可以创建世界上最好的地图！
    zh-Hant = 有了您的捐贈和支持，我們可以創建世界上最好的地圖！

  [app_tip_02]
    comment = App tip #02
    tags = android

>     en = Do you like our app? Please donate to support the development! Don't like it yet? Please let us know, and we will fix it!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    en = Do you like our app? Please donate to support the development! Don't like it yet? Please let us know why, and we will fix it!
```
That changes the sense a bit.

Author: Wording modified... I will request to the different contributors to review once again the translation of this tip...

    ar = هل تحب التطبيق لدينا؟ يرجى التبرع لدعم التنمية! لا أحب ذلك حتى الآن؟ واسمحوا لنا أن نعرف، وسوف نقوم بإصلاحه!

>     be = Вам падабаецца наша прылада? Калі ласка, ахвяруйце, каб падтрымаць развіццё! Яшчэ не падабаецца? Калі ласка, дайце нам ведаць, чаму, і мы гэта выправім!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be = Вам падабаецца наша прылада? Калі ласка, ахвяруйце, каб падтрымаць развіццё! Яшчэ не падабаецца? Калі ласка, напішыце, чаму, і мы гэта выправім!
```

Author: Translation modified !!

    bg = Харесвате ли нашето приложение? Моля, дарете, за да подкрепите развитието! Все още не ви харесва? Моля, уведомете ни и ние ще го поправим!

>     ca = T'agrada la nostra aplicació? Fes una donació per donar suport al desenvolupament! Encara no t'agrada? Si us plau, fes-nos-ho saber i ho solucionarem!

Reviewer 4: Sorry, I missed this one.

It should be `Us agrada la nostra aplicació? Feu una donació per donar suport al desenvolupament! Encara no us agrada? Si us plau, feu-nos-ho saber i ho solucionarem!`

Author: Translation changed, thanks!!

    cs = Líbí se vám naše aplikace? Přispějte prosím na podporu rozvoje! Ještě se ti to nelíbí? Dejte nám prosím vědět a my to napravíme!
    da = Kan du lide vores app? Donér venligst for at støtte udviklingen! Kan du ikke lide det endnu? Fortæl os det, så ordner vi det!

>     de = Gefällt Ihnen unsere App? Bitte spenden Sie, um die Entwicklung zu unterstützen! Gefällt es Ihnen noch nicht? Bitte lassen Sie es uns wissen und wir werden das Problem beheben!

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    de = Gefällt Ihnen unsere App? Bitte spenden Sie, um die Entwicklung zu unterstützen! Gefällt es Ihnen noch nicht? Bitte lassen Sie uns wissen warum und wir werden das Problem beheben!
```

    es = ¿Le gusta nuestra aplicación? ¡Por favor done para apoyar su desarrollo! ¿Todavía no le gusta? ¡Díganos por qué y lo arreglaremos!
    et = Kas teile meeldib meie rakendus? Palun annetage arengu toetamiseks! Ei meeldi veel? Palun andke meile teada ja me parandame selle!
    eu = Gure aplikazioa gustatzen zaizu? Mesedez, eman dohaintza garapena laguntzeko! Oraindik ez al zaizu gustatzen? Mesedez, jakinarazi iezaguzu, eta konponduko dugu!
    fa = آیا برنامه ما را دوست دارید؟ لطفا برای حمایت از توسعه کمک مالی کنید! هنوز آن را دوست ندارید؟ لطفا به ما اطلاع دهید، و ما آن را تعمیر خواهیم کرد!
    fi = Pidätkö sovelluksestamme? Lahjoita tukemaan kehitystä! Etkö pidä siitä vielä? Kerro meille, niin korjaamme asian!
    fr = Aimez-vous notre application? Veuillez faire un don pour soutenir le développement ! Vous ne l'aimez pas encore ? S'il vous plaît laissez-nous savoir et nous y remédierons !
    he = האם אתה אוהב את האפליקציה שלנו? אנא תרמו כדי לתמוך בפיתוח! לא אוהב את זה עדיין? אנא הודע לנו, ואנחנו נתקן את זה!
    hi = क्या आपको हमारा ऐप पसंद है? कृपया विकास का समर्थन करने के लिए दान करें! अभी तक यह पसंद नहीं आया? कृपया हमें बताएं, और हम इसे ठीक कर देंगे!

>     hu = Tetszik az alkalmazásunk? Kérjük, adományozzon a fejlesztés támogatása érdekében! Még nem tetszik? Kérjük, jelezze felénk, és mi megoldjuk!

Author: Changed to: hu = Tetszik az alkalmazásunk? Kérjük, adományozzon a fejlesztés támogatása érdekében! Még nem tetszik? Kérjük, jelezze felénk miért, és mi megoldjuk!

    ja = 私たちのアプリは気に入っていますか? 開発をサポートするために寄付をお願いします！ まだ気に入らないですか？ お知らせください。修正させていただきます。
    ko = 우리 앱이 마음에 드시나요? 발전을 위해 기부해주세요! 아직 마음에 들지 않으세요? 알려주시면 수정하겠습니다!
    mr = तुम्हाला आमचे अॅप आवडते का? कृपया विकासाला पाठिंबा देण्यासाठी देणगी द्या! अजून आवडत नाही? कृपया आम्हाला कळवा आणि आम्ही त्याचे निराकरण करू!
    nb = Liker du appen vår? Vennligst doner for å støtte utviklingen! Liker du det ikke ennå? Gi oss beskjed, så fikser vi det!
    nl = Vind je onze app leuk? Doneer alsjeblieft om de ontwikkeling te ondersteunen! Vind je het nog niet leuk? Laat het ons weten, dan lossen we het op!
    pl = Czy podoba Ci się nasza aplikacja? Przekaż darowiznę, aby wesprzeć rozwój! Jeszcze ci się to nie podoba? Daj nam znać, a my to naprawimy!
    pt = Gosta do nosso aplicativo? Por favor, doe para apoiar o desenvolvimento! Ainda não gostou? Informe-nos, que consertaremos!
    pt-BR = Você gosta do nosso aplicativo? Por favor, doe para apoiar o desenvolvimento! Ainda não gostou? Informe-nos e consertaremos isso!
    ro = Îți place aplicația noastră? Vă rugăm să donați pentru a sprijini dezvoltarea! Nu-ți place încă? Vă rugăm să ne anunțați și vom remedia!

>     ru = Вам нравится наше приложение? Пожалуйста, сделайте пожертвование для поддержки развития! Вам еще не нравится? Пожалуйста, сообщите нам, и мы это исправим!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ru = Вам нравится наше приложение? Поддержите его развитие деньгами! Пока еще не нравится? Пожалуйста, сообщите нам, почему, и мы это исправим!
```

    sk = Páči sa vám naša aplikácia? Prosím, prispejte na podporu rozvoja! Ešte sa ti to nepáči? Dajte nám vedieť a my to napravíme!
    sv = Gillar du vår app? Vänligen donera för att stödja utvecklingen! Gillar du det inte ännu? Meddela oss, så fixar vi det!
    sw = Je, unapenda programu yetu? Tafadhali toa mchango ili kusaidia maendeleo! Je, huipendi bado? Tafadhali tujulishe, na tutarekebisha!
    th = คุณชอบแอพของเราหรือไม่? กรุณาบริจาคเพื่อสนับสนุนการพัฒนา! ยังไม่ชอบมันเหรอ? โปรดแจ้งให้เราทราบ และเราจะแก้ไขมัน!
    tr = Uygulamamızı beğendiniz mi? Gelişimi desteklemek için lütfen bağış yapın! Henüz beğenmedin mi? Lütfen bize bildirin, düzelteceğiz!

>     uk = Вам подобається наш додаток? Будь ласка, пожертвуйте, щоб підтримати розвиток! Ще не подобається? Будь ласка, повідомте нам чому, і ми це виправимо!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    uk = Вам подобається наш додаток? Підтримайте його розвиток грошима! Поки ще не подобається? Будь ласка, повідомте нам, чому, і ми це виправимо!
```

Author: Translation modified !!

    vi = Bạn có thích ứng dụng của chúng tôi không? Hãy quyên góp để hỗ trợ sự phát triển! Bạn chưa thích nó? Vui lòng cho chúng tôi biết và chúng tôi sẽ khắc phục nó!
    zh-Hans = 您喜欢我们的应用程序吗？ 请捐款支持发展！ 还不喜欢吗？ 请告诉我们，我们会修复它！
    zh-Hant = 您喜歡我們的應用程序嗎？ 請捐款支持發展！ 還不喜歡嗎？ 請告訴我們，我們會修復它！

  [app_tip_03]
    comment = App tip #03
    tags = android
    en = If you know a software developer, you can ask him or her to implement a feature that you need.
    ar = إذا كنت تعرف أحد مطوري البرامج، فيمكنك أن تطلب منه تنفيذ الميزة التي تحتاجها.
    be = Калі вы ведаеце распрацоўшчыка праграмнага забеспячэння, вы можаце папрасіць яго рэалізаваць неабходную вам функцыю.
    bg = Ако познавате разработчик на софтуер, можете да го помолите да внедри функция, от която се нуждаете.

>     ca = Si coneixeu un desenvolupador de programari, podeu demanar-li que implementi una funció que necessiteu.

Reviewer 4: una funció -> una funcionalitat

Author: Translation modified !!

    de = Wenn Sie einen Softwareentwickler kennen, können Sie ihn oder sie bitten, eine Funktion zu implementieren, die Sie benötigen.
    el = Εάν γνωρίζετε έναν προγραμματιστή λογισμικού, μπορείτε να του ζητήσετε να εφαρμόσει μια δυνατότητα που χρειάζεστε.
    es = Si conoce a algún desarrollador o desarrolladora de software, le puede pedir que implemente alguna funcionalidad que usted necesite.
    et = Kui teate mõnda tarkvaraarendajat, võite paluda tal rakendada teile vajalik funktsioon.
    eu = Software garatzaile bat ezagutzen baduzu, behar duzun funtzio bat ezartzeko eska diezaiokezu.
    fa = اگر یک توسعه‌دهنده نرم‌افزار را می‌شناسید، می‌توانید از او بخواهید ویژگی مورد نیاز خود را پیاده‌سازی کند.
    fi = Jos tunnet ohjelmistokehittäjän, voit pyytää häntä ottamaan käyttöön tarvitsemasi ominaisuuden.
    fr = Si vous connaissez un développeur de logiciels, vous pouvez lui demander d'implémenter une fonctionnalité dont vous avez besoin.
    he = אם אתה מכיר מפתח תוכנה, אתה יכול לבקש ממנו ליישם תכונה שאתה צריך.
    hi = यदि आप किसी सॉफ़्टवेयर डेवलपर को जानते हैं, तो आप उससे वह सुविधा लागू करने के लिए कह सकते हैं जिसकी आपको आवश्यकता है।

>     hu = Ha ismer egy szoftverfejlesztőt, megkérheti őket egy olyan funkció megvalósítására, amelyre szüksége van.

Reviewer 6: "őt" instead of "őket"

Author: Changed to: hu = Ha ismer egy szoftverfejlesztőt, megkérheti őt egy olyan funkció megvalósítására, amelyre szüksége van.

    id = Jika Anda mengenal seorang pengembang perangkat lunak, Anda dapat memintanya untuk mengimplementasikan fitur yang Anda perlukan.
    it = Se conosci uno sviluppatore di software, puoi chiedergli di implementare una funzionalità di cui hai bisogno.
    ja = ソフトウェア開発者を知っている場合は、必要な機能を実装するように依頼できます。
    ko = 소프트웨어 개발자를 알고 있다면 필요한 기능을 구현하도록 요청할 수 있습니다.
    mr = तुम्हाला सॉफ्टवेअर डेव्हलपर माहीत असल्यास, तुम्ही त्याला किंवा तिला तुम्हाला आवश्यक असलेले वैशिष्ट्य लागू करण्यास सांगू शकता.
    nb = Hvis du kjenner en programvareutvikler, kan du be ham eller henne implementere en funksjon du trenger.
    nl = Als u een softwareontwikkelaar kent, kunt u hem of haar vragen een functie te implementeren die u nodig heeft.
    pl = Jeśli znasz programistę, możesz poprosić go o wdrożenie potrzebnej funkcji.

>     pt = Se conhece algum desenvolvedor de software, pode pedir que ele implemente um recurso de que precisa.
>     pt-BR = Se você conhece algum desenvolvedor de software, pode pedir que ele implemente um recurso de que você precisa.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
    pt = Se conhece algum desenvolvedor de software, pode pedir-lhe que implemente um recurso de que precisa.
    pt-BR = Se você conhece algum desenvolvedor de software, pode lhe pedir que implemente um recurso de que você precisa.
```

Author: Translation changed !!

    ro = Dacă cunoașteți un dezvoltator de software, îi puteți cere să implementeze o caracteristică de care aveți nevoie.

>     ru = Если вы знаете какого-либо разработчика программного обеспечения, вы можете попросить его реализовать нужную вам функцию.

Reviewer 2: Is it an old translation?
```suggestion
    ru = Если вы знаете толкового разработчика программного обеспечения, попросите его реализовать нужную вам функцию для приложения.
```

Author: Translation modified !!

    sk = Ak poznáte vývojára softvéru, môžete ho požiadať, aby implementoval funkciu, ktorú potrebujete.
    sv = Om du känner en mjukvaruutvecklare kan du be honom eller henne att implementera en funktion som du behöver.
    sw = Ikiwa unajua msanidi programu, unaweza kumwomba kutekeleza kipengele unachohitaji.
    th = หากคุณรู้จักนักพัฒนาซอฟต์แวร์ คุณสามารถขอให้เขาหรือเธอใช้คุณลักษณะที่คุณต้องการได้
    tr = Bir yazılım geliştirici tanıyorsanız, ondan ihtiyacınız olan bir özelliği uygulamasını isteyebilirsiniz.

>     uk = Якщо ви знаєте розробника програмного забезпечення, ви можете попросити його реалізувати потрібну вам функцію.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    uk = Якщо у вас є знайомий розробник програмного забезпечення, ви можете попросити його реалізувати потрібну вам функцію.
```

Author: Translation changed, thanks!!

    mr = तुम्हाला माहीत आहे का की तुम्ही नकाशावरील कोणतेही ठिकाण निवडण्यासाठी लांब-टॅप करू शकता?
    nb = Vet du at du kan trykke lenge på et hvilket som helst sted på kartet for å velge det?
    nl = Wist u dat u op elke plaats op de kaart lang kunt tikken om deze te selecteren?
    pl = Czy wiesz, że możesz długo dotknąć dowolnego miejsca na mapie, aby je wybrać?
    pt = Sabia que pode tocar longamente em qualquer lugar do mapa para selecioná-lo?
    pt-BR = Você sabia que pode tocar longamente em qualquer lugar do mapa para selecioná-lo?
    ro = Știți că puteți atinge lung orice loc de pe hartă pentru a-l selecta?
    ru = Знаете ли вы, что любое место на карте можно выбрать, подержав там палец в течение секунды?
    sk = Viete, že na ľubovoľné miesto na mape ho môžete vybrať dlhým klepnutím?
    sv = Vet du att du kan trycka länge på vilken plats som helst på kartan för att välja den?
    sw = Je, unajua kwamba unaweza kugonga kwa muda mrefu sehemu yoyote kwenye ramani ili kuichagua?
    th = คุณรู้ไหมว่าคุณสามารถแตะสถานที่ใดก็ได้บนแผนที่ค้างไว้เพื่อเลือกได้
    tr = Haritadaki herhangi bir yeri seçmek için uzun süre dokunabileceğinizi biliyor musunuz?

>     uk = Чи знаєте ви, що ви можете довго торкатися будь-якого місця на карті, щоб вибрати його?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    uk = Чи знаєте ви, що можна вибрати будь-яке місце на карті, довго тримаючи палець на точці?
```

Author: Translation changed, thanks!!

    vi = Bạn có biết rằng bạn có thể nhấn và giữ bất kỳ địa điểm nào trên bản đồ để chọn địa điểm đó không?
    zh-Hans = 您知道您可以长按地图上的任何位置来选择它吗？
    zh-Hant = 您知道您可以長按地圖上的任何位置來選擇它嗎？

  [app_tip_05]
    comment = App tip #05
    tags = android

>     en = Do you know that you can select your current location on the map?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    en = Did you know that your current location on the map can be selected?
```

Author: Wording modified.... I will request to the rest of contributors to review once again the translation of this tip...

    ar = هل تعلم أنه يمكنك تحديد موقعك الحالي على الخريطة؟

>     be = Ці ведаеце вы, што вы можаце выбраць сваё бягучае месцазнаходжанне на карце?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    be = А вы ведалі, што сваё месцазнаходжанне на мапе можна абраць?
```

Author: Translation modified !!

    bg = Знаете ли, че можете да изберете текущото си местоположение на картата?

>     ca = Saps que pots seleccionar la teva ubicació actual al mapa?

Reviewer 4: Sabíeu que podeu seleccionar la vostra ubicació actual al mapa?

Author: Thanks @fitojb! Please confirm also the Catalonian translation of Tip 4? (`Saps que pots tocar llargament qualsevol lloc del mapa per seleccionar-lo?`)

Can we change it to: `Sabíeu que podeu tocar llargament qualsevol lloc del mapa per seleccionar-lo?` ??

Author: Translation modified !!

Reviewer 4: > Can we change it to: `Sabíeu que podeu tocar llargament qualsevol lloc del mapa per seleccionar-lo?` ??

Yes; in general, per Softcatalà's guidelines we use the vós treatment when referring to users. Spanish should use usted rather than tú. :)

Author: Thanks @fitojb! In Spanish we also use the formal "Usted" form... Have you detected any string in Spanish where this formal form is not used?

    es = ¿Sabía que su ubicación actual en el mapa se puede seleccionar?
    et = Kas tead, et saad kaardil valida oma praeguse asukoha?
    eu = Ba al dakizu zure uneko kokapena mapan hauta dezakezula?
    fa = آیا می دانید که می توانید مکان فعلی خود را روی نقشه انتخاب کنید؟
    fi = Tiesitkö, että voit valita nykyisen sijaintisi kartalta?
    fr = Savez-vous que vous pouvez sélectionner votre position actuelle sur la carte ?
    he = האם אתה יודע שאתה יכול לבחור את המיקום הנוכחי שלך על המפה?
    hi = क्या आप जानते हैं कि आप मानचित्र पर अपना वर्तमान स्थान चुन सकते हैं?
    hu = Tudja, hogy kijelölheti pozícióját a térképen?
    id = Tahukah Anda bahwa Anda dapat memilih lokasi Anda saat ini di peta?
    it = Sai che puoi selezionare la tua posizione attuale sulla mappa?
    ja = 地図上で現在地を選択できることをご存知ですか?
    ko = 지도에서 현재 위치를 선택할 수 있다는 것을 알고 계셨나요?
    mr = तुम्हाला माहीत आहे का की तुम्ही नकाशावर तुमचे वर्तमान स्थान निवडू शकता?
    nb = Vet du at du kan velge din nåværende posisjon på kartet?
    nl = Wist u dat u uw huidige locatie op de kaart kunt selecteren?
    pl = Czy wiesz, że możesz wybrać swoją aktualną lokalizację na mapie?

>     pt = Sabia que pode selecionar sua posição no mapa?
>     pt-BR = Você sabia que pode selecionar sua posição no mapa?

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
    pt = Sabia que pode sua posição atual no mapa pode ser selecionada?
    pt-BR = Você sabia que pode sua posição atual no mapa pode ser selecionada?
```

Author: Thanks @matheusgomesms!! Can you please double-check these translations? I don't know Portuguese, but for me it looks like the verb "pode" is repeated in both sentences... Maybe they are correct, but shouldn't these translations be:
pt = Sabia que sua posição atual no mapa pode ser selecionada?
pt-BR = Você sabia que sua posição atual no mapa pode ser selecionada?

Reviewer 7: True, thanks for the catch!

Author: Thanks for the confirmation.... translation changed!!

    ro = Știți că vă puteți selecta locația curentă pe hartă?

>     ru = Знаете ли вы, что можете выбрать свое положение на карте?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ru = А вы знали, что свое местоположение на карте можно выбрать?
```

Author: Translation modified!!

    sk = Viete, že si môžete vybrať svoju aktuálnu polohu na mape?
    sv = Vet du att du kan välja din nuvarande plats på kartan?
    sw = Je, unajua kwamba unaweza kuchagua eneo lako la sasa kwenye ramani?
    th = คุณรู้หรือไม่ว่าคุณสามารถเลือกตำแหน่งปัจจุบันของคุณบนแผนที่ได้?
    tr = Haritada mevcut konumunuzu seçebileceğinizi biliyor musunuz?

>     uk = Чи знаєте ви, що можете вибрати своє поточне місцезнаходження на карті?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    uk = А ви знали, що своє місцезнаходження на карті можна вибрати?
```

Author: Translation modified !!

    vi = Bạn có biết rằng bạn có thể chọn vị trí hiện tại của mình trên bản đồ không?
    zh-Hans = 您知道您可以在地图上选择您当前的位置吗？
    zh-Hant = 您知道您可以在地圖上選擇您目前的位置嗎？

  [app_tip_06]
    comment = App tip #06
    tags = android
    en = You can help to translate our app into your language.
    ar = يمكنك المساعدة في ترجمة تطبيقنا إلى لغتك.
    be = Вы можаце дапамагчы перакласці нашу прыладу на вашу мову.
    bg = Можете да помогнете за превода на нашето приложение на вашия език.

>     ca = Pots ajudar a traduir la nostra aplicació al teu idioma.

Reviewer 4: Podeu ajudar a traduir la nostra aplicació a la vostra llengua.

Author: Translation modified !!

    cs = Můžete pomoci přeložit naši aplikaci do vašeho jazyka.
    da = Du kan hjælpe med at oversætte vores app til dit sprog.
    de = Sie können dabei helfen, unsere App in Ihre Sprache zu übersetzen.
    el = Μπορείτε να βοηθήσετε στη μετάφραση της εφαρμογής μας στη γλώσσα σας.

>     es = Puede ayudar a traducir nuestra aplicación a su lenguaje.

Reviewer 4: Puede ayudar a traducir nuestra aplicación a su idioma.

Author: Translation modified !!

    it = Il nostro obiettivo principale è creare mappe veloci, incentrate sulla privacy e facili da usare che adorerai.
    ja = 私たちの主な目標は、ユーザーに気に入っていただける、プライバシーを重視した使いやすいマップを高速に構築することです。
    ko = 우리의 주요 목표는 귀하가 좋아할 빠르고 개인 정보 보호에 중점을 두고 사용하기 쉬운 지도를 구축하는 것입니다.
    mr = आमचे मुख्य ध्येय जलद, गोपनीयता-केंद्रित, वापरण्यास-सुलभ नकाशे तयार करणे आहे जे तुम्हाला आवडतील.
    nb = Vårt hovedmål er å bygge raske, personvernfokuserte, brukervennlige kart som du vil elske.
    nl = Ons belangrijkste doel is om snelle, op privacy gerichte, gebruiksvriendelijke kaarten te maken waar u dol op zult zijn.
    pl = Naszym głównym celem jest tworzenie szybkich, zapewniających prywatność i łatwych w użyciu map, które pokochasz.
    pt = Nosso principal objetivo é construir mapas rápidos, focados na privacidade e fáceis de usar que vai adorar.
    pt-BR = Nosso principal objetivo é construir mapas rápidos, focados na privacidade e fáceis de usar que você vai adorar.
    ro = Scopul nostru principal este să construim hărți rapide, axate pe confidențialitate și ușor de utilizat, care să vă placă.

>     ru = Наша главная цель — создавать быстрые, конфиденциальные и простые в использовании карты, которые вам понравятся.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ru = Наша главная цель — создать быстрые, конфиденциальные и простые в использовании карты, которые вам понравятся.
```

Author: Translation modified!!

    sk = Naším hlavným cieľom je vytvárať rýchle, na súkromie, ľahko použiteľné mapy, ktoré si zamilujete.
    sv = Vårt huvudmål är att bygga snabba, integritetsfokuserade, lättanvända kartor som du kommer att älska.
    sw = Lengo letu kuu ni kujenga ramani za haraka, zinazozingatia faragha, na rahisi kutumia ambazo utapenda.
    th = เป้าหมายหลักของเราคือการสร้างแผนที่ที่รวดเร็ว เน้นความเป็นส่วนตัว และใช้งานง่ายที่คุณจะหลงรัก
    tr = Temel amacımız hızlı, gizlilik odaklı, kullanımı kolay, seveceğiniz haritalar oluşturmaktır.

>     uk = Наша головна мета — створювати швидкі, зосереджені на конфіденційності та прості у використанні карти, які вам сподобаються.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    uk = Наша головна мета – створити швидкі, конфіденційні та прості у використанні карти, які вам сподобаються.
```

Author: Translation modified !!
